I have first defeat of the season for
he ruled an area until the ninetieth
he had practically managed to get out
unscathed even here on the field of
Bassano leaders have touched on a
another half miracle considering also
the general condition of the team
I ask her how much regret there is though
they also look at how many
satisfied however the proof of
team and the team can not be
canceled by one minute 2 minutes then
these guys did another one
masterpiece another miracle even
recover in numerical inferiority
and normal that I had to unbalance
vascular I remained then unlike
the last 15 minutes with 5 Jun Four
players who are four forwards
more cucciniello who was a fullback and
a midfielder then out of 10 out of nine
movement players or 54 were
strikers and one was a midfielder
that they were in a defensive phase is normal
that we had recovered the game
through substitutions through i
fields so there was great satisfaction
but this certainly cannot be
covered by a goal taken at
ninety-second even in a causal manner
because of panariello has spit the
ball and left out of position
and Pisans who were on the trajectory
but I mean there is great regret it is
normal you split everything to get
of the results of recoveries make you
play every three days I think I a
man's memory I don't remember a team a
professional level I have
played so many close matches
but honestly
we respect all decisions and normal
which is not good to lose in this
way because with the frankness that there is
distinguishes until we have
there was only one area in the middle of the right
field ie the art came with
personality to maneuver to cover everyone
the spaces
then we took this goal in the cold it is
normal that I had to unbalance the
team
the mass team always tidy up
when also said that it was not done
an acer is out here i ask her how much
angry at the expulsion of directors
also that of millesi then from
bench of two other players who
they will miss much more angry about the
expulsion directors of the milles that the
defeat maybe you don't believe me much
maybe you'll learn to know me
I am much more angry about this than that
have a defeat and doing however a
general budget 12 points however one
yield that went beyond the most optimistic
now important expectations a
metabolize this defeat e
leave but we have been defeated
we were not a losers
very very important
and normal we had done another
miracle is normal that enthusiasm
But it would be even more increased this
now it must not make us demoralize the
football is this and must be accepted accepted
in all the components in all
situations
certainly for what we have
product for the efforts made not
we deserved to lose
unfortunately this is the 92nd football
91st I don't know now we lost
unbeaten we lost one
game where we were once again
acam at 11 in varying it and suffering
up to the limit of our crazy and with
the visit of this match that was
characterized we say from the divorce between
the art and the federico diesse here are the
asks for a comment on this one too
corporate turnaround
I repeat with extreme frankness
federico for me was a person who has
worked in a remarkable way for the
cause of the art
then why is it not my job to
he left but I can say he has
worked seriously with great honesty and
prepare with great spirit of sacrifice
new sports director for what
but I do the coach I do
the coach and I think I do it well
with great commitment and with great challenge of
sacrifice you must not do these
questions to me ie a property thank you